Soccer
Ball
Having a ball is a no-brainer, but soccer balls differ for amateurs, professionals, kids, youth, adults and the playing surface. 
Pump
Pack yourself with a proper soccer pump, because regardless of the ball quality, you are going to use it quite often
Inflating needle adaptor
Unfortunately not all soccer ball pumps come with inflating needle adaptor.
Soccer Ball Bag
Carrying a soccer ball bag is a great piece of equipment, where you can store not just one, but dozens of balls, especially for training purposes.
Soccer socks
One of the major differences between a normal and a soccer type socks is the fact that the later are a bit longer and they come a little above the knee. 
Soccer shin guards
Soccer shin guards fall under the category of protective gear that we must have.
-
Essential Hockey Bag Accessories
Hockey Tape
Tape helps hold up your socks and keep your shin pads in place. 
Sweet Stick
A Sweet Stick will bail you out when you lose an edge and can hold you over when you forget to sharpen your skates.
Stick Wax
It can give you a little extra grip, but mainly it keeps snow, ice and water from gathering on your tape.
Skate Guards
Protect the sharp edges of your skate blade and help maintain good edges.
-
Tennis
Racquets
Tennis rackets come in many different sizes and shapes. Certain rackets are better for certain types of players.
Racquets Strings
At the pro level strings can play a big role and Luxilon strings have certainly had an influence on how the professional game is played these days!
Tennis Balls
Tennis players are already confused with choosing rackets and strings but nowadays there is also a big variety on tennis balls available. 
Tennis Grips
The grip on a tennis racket also comes in different forms. You can either use a leather grip, like the ones that are usually on the racket when you buy it.
Vibration Dampeners
Many tennis players play with so-called vibration dampers in their strings. These dampers change the sound when you hit the ball.
Sweat bands
In hotter climates sweat bands can be very important for tennis players. Getting sweat on your grip can be really annoying!
-
Boxing
Boxing Gloves
Boxing gloves cushion the hand during the punching process and will often keep you from getting injured.
Boxing Ring
In order tTo truly learn your sport, you have to be able to get in the ring against an opponent.
Speed Bag
The speed bag is one of the oldest boxing tools and it helps a boxer learn how to throw punches with speed, accuracy and agility.
Heavy Bag
Throwing power punches on the heavy bag is a different skill than learning how to throw quick punches on the speed bag. 
Head Gear
The head gear is used by all fighters during training and amateur fighters during bouts.
Mouth Guards
All fighters use mouth guards, which protect the mouth and teeth from hard punches and help prevent mouth lacerations and broken teeth.
Protetctive Cup
The protective supporter and cup prevent injuries to the reproductive organs
Boxing Shoes
boxing shoes help fighters move smoothly in the ring without turning or injuring their ankles.
-
Jiu-Jitsu Gear
Gi
The gi, or kimino, is the most important item you need for jiu jitsu (unless you are doing no-gi).  You will first need to get a gi that fits you and a white belt that goes along with it. 
Long Sleeve Rush Guard
The rash guard is extremely important to wear because you are going to sweating a lot.  You will either wear the rash guard underneath your jiu jitsu gi. 
Fight Shorts
Fight shorts, or MMA shorts, are excellent shorts to wear when you are grappling.  They use velcro, are light weight, and soak up sweat
Mouth Guard
If you plan on keeping your teeth, you will need a mouth guard.  
Grappling Ear Protectors
Cauliflower ears comes from a lot time spent live grappling.  
Wrestling Knee Pads
You will probably want wrestling knee pads if your jiu jitsu school focuses a lot on stand up grappling and takedowns.  
-
Programmer Gadgets
Blue Tiki USB Microphone
This is a cheap, clear-sounding microphone for on the go. This microphone is great for conference calls with features such as noise cancellation and an intelligent speech mode.
HEX Color Codes Mousepad
With this mousepad, you will never forget your HTML colors again! No need to go searching up Google everytime you dont remember how many zeroes there are for the color red.
Port KVM Switch
This device allows you to switch between two different computers, servers, or laptops, while using 
Inateck USB 3.0 Hard Drive Bay
This device allows you to connect a regular desktop hard drive and SSD to a laptop/desktop. This is great if you are working with a lot of hard drives. 
Phone and Tablet Stand
While this isnt directly for programming, this phone/tablet stand is perfect to put on your desk while you are working.
YubiKey 4
The YubiKey is a USB and NFC security key to keep all of your accounts safe. You can now authenticate with YubiKey, instead of  using just unsafe passwords. 
Desktop Tower Drawer Rack
If you have a tower PC, you most likely have a blank CD/DVD drive slot. With this drawer rack, it becomes a perfect, hidden space to hold your wallet, cables, CDs, etc.
Airbar Display Add Touch
A little unrelated, but this device makes any laptop touch-screen compatible, even with multi-touch.
-
Travel Carry-On Must Have
Water Bottle
Staying hydrated on the plane is imperative and, according to senior audience engagement editor Abby Williams, S'well's water bottles actually live up to the hype. 
Travel Pillow
Conventional, U-shaped travel pillows work for some people, but if you cant see the appeal, assistant digital editor Richelle Szypulski recommends trying out the Trtl pillow
Pens
Customs forms, in-flight-mag sudoku puzzles, doodling on your cocktail napkin: a pen (or two) will always come in handy on a flight
Notebook
Deputy digital editor Jessica Plautz is a Moleskine devotee for the brands 'excellent quality and the different colors, themes, and paper styles that make it easy to build a collection over time.'
Eye Mask
Food & travel editor Lila Battis swears by the frill-free, light-blocking Bucky 40 Blinks eye mask while associate editor Siobhan Reid is 'obsessed with' Slips ultra-luxurious silk sleep mask. 
Scarf or Travel Wrap
Airplane cabins, unfortunately, do not come with a temperature forecast, so it's best to be prepared for anything by tossing a wrap or scarf into your bag. 
Compression Socks or Tights
If you're going to be sitting in an airplane seat for longer than four hours, you may want to change into a pair of compression tights or socks to aid circulation in your legs. 
Noise-cancelling Headphones
One way to make traveling en masse more bearable? Block out the noise. 
Earplugs
For any scenario where you don't necessarily want to be wearing your headphones - say, sleeping - but would still like to drown out the ambient annoyance around you, a set of earplugs is key.
In-flight Entertainment
Long flights can be grueling without something to pass the time. For assistant editor John Scarpinato, it's his iPad Mini.